Announcing OpenSearchCon North America 2024 Blog (#2913)
opensearch-project/project-website: _posts/2024-06-01-opensearchcon-north-america-2024-registration-and-cfp.md

---
layout: post
title:  "Announcing OpenSearchCon North America 2024"
authors:
  - daryllswager
date:   2024-06-01 0:00:10 -0700
categories:
  - community
excerpt: The OpenSearch Project invites the OpenSearch community to explore the future of search, analytics, and generative AI at the first OpenSearch user conference in Europe. Join us in Berlin on May 6 & 7 and learn how to build powerful applications and get the most out of your OpenSearch deployments.
meta_keywords: opensearchcon Europe, opensearchcon eu, opensearchcon emea, opensearchcon may, opensearchcon call for papers, opensearchcon call for presentations, opensearchcon registration, register for opensearchcon

> meta_description: OpenSearchCon Europe 2024 is coming to Café Moskau in Berlin May 6 and 7. Register today to save your seat!

Reviewer: Updated meta: 
**_meta_keywords:_**  opensearchcon north america, opensearchcon na, opesearchcon call for papers, register for opensearchcon, opensearch community

**_meta_description:_** Join the OpenSearch Project in San Francisco for it’s third annual OpenSearchCon North America 2024 taking place September 24-26 at the Hilton Union Square. Register today.

Author: All set thanks Patti.

Reviewer 2: I'm assuming this text should reference the North American conference.

We’re anticipating hundreds of people and dozens of OpenSearch partners this year, which will make for a fun and exciting show. [Special room rates](https://book.passkey.com/e/50823627)are available for those who wish to stay at the event hotel. OpenSearchCon passes are limited, so [register today](https://opensearchcon2023.splashthat.com/) in order to claim your spot at this year’s conference.

The [Call for Presentations](https://opensearch.org/events/opensearchcon/2024/north-america/cfp.html) is open until the end of the day on June 14. If you have a story you’d like to share, submit your talk NOW - time is of the essence!

Builders will be presenting dozens of sessions across four conference tracks to help you learn more about building applications at scale as an open-source contributor.  The four conference tracks are:

* Search - for all types of search technology enthusiasts
* Analytics, Security, Observability - for those that like to visualize and make data-driven decisions
* Operating OpenSearch - for talks about performance, scalability, interesting implementations, and the like

> * Community - focuses on how communities form and grow in the open-source universe, including OpenSearch

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Community: Focuses on how communities form and grow in the open-source universe, including OpenSearch
```

This year, the show will kick off with an opening keynote, and then three session rooms will present across a variety of search and analytics topics for the first two days of the conference.  The Search and Analytics tracks will cover a broad range of technology topics, including Search, Open Telemetry, Lucene, Vector Databases, AI/ML, and more. The Operating and Community tracks will focus on performance, scalability, implementation, adoption and community growth. Given the quality of last year’s talks, we’re expecting a very active CFP and bar-raising sessions this year. All sessions will be recorded and we will post them shortly after the conference concludes. We’ll also have free food, drinks, and some fun activities in the evenings of the 24th and 25th!

> Given the popularity of last year’s event, our partner round table will return this year. This forum allows partners to talk about the project with the OpenSearch team and each other. The conversation spans a wide variety of topics both highly technical and more community-oriented, and usually focuses on the things that are going really well in the project, and areas that could use a little help.  This is a great forum to listen to feedback from experienced partners who have a vested interest and  opinions about the OpenSearch Project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Given the popularity of last year’s event, our partner roundtable will return this year. This forum allows partners to talk about the project with the OpenSearch community. The conversation usually focuses on things that are going really well with the project and areas that could use improvement. This is a great opportunity to listen to feedback from experienced partners who have a vested interest in the OpenSearch Project.
```

> The Unconference will be back as well! First introduced last year, this session format allows you to propose a short talk. Your peers will then vote on whether they want to hear from you and a handful of short sessions will be delivered. These sessions have proven to be fun as well as thought-provoking, so don’t miss out.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Unconference will be back as well! First introduced last year, this session format allows you to propose a short talk. Your peers will then vote on whether they want to hear from you, and a handful of short sessions will be delivered. These sessions have proven to be fun as well as thought provoking, so don’t miss out.
```

> The Unconference will be back as well! First introduced last year, this session format allows you to propose a short talk. Your peers will then vote on whether they want to hear from you and a handful of short sessions will be delivered. These sessions have proven to be fun as well as thought-provoking, so don’t miss out.

Reviewer 2: `Unconference` => `"unconference"`?

> On September 26, we’re going to have smaller format training sessions and workshops with enough room for 100 or so people who want to get a more in-depth look at OpenSearch from some of the experts in the field.  Separate signups will be provided for that once the schedule has been finalized, so remember to visit the conference site often to see the latest news and session information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On September 26, we'll be offering smaller training sessions and workshops with enough room for around 100 people who want to get a more in-depth look at OpenSearch from experts in the field. Separate sign-ups will be provided once the schedule has been finalized, so remember to visit the conference site often for the latest news and session information.
```

> First and foremost, we just want everyone to come out, have some fun, and learn a bunch of new stuff along the way. See you in San Francisco!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Above all, we just want everyone to come out, have some fun, and learn a lot along the way. See you in San Francisco!
```

> **Resources:**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Resources
```

> [Registration Page](https://opensearch.org/events/opensearchcon/2024/north-america/register.html)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[OpenSearchCon 2024: North America Registration](https://opensearch.org/events/opensearchcon/2024/north-america/register.html)
```

* [CFP Submission Page](https://opensearch.org/events/opensearchcon/2024/north-america/cfp.html)

> * [OpenSearchCon Home Page](https://opensearch.org/events/opensearchcon/2024/north-america/index.html)

Reviewer 3: This should probably be "OpenSearchCon North America Home Page" instead

> [CFP Submission Page](https://opensearch.org/events/opensearchcon/2024/north-america/cfp.html)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[OpenSearchCon 2024: North America CFP](https://opensearch.org/events/opensearchcon/2024/north-america/cfp.html)
```

> [OpenSearchCon Home Page](https://opensearch.org/events/opensearchcon/2024/north-america/index.html)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[OpenSearchCon 2024: North America](https://opensearch.org/events/opensearchcon/2024/north-america/index.html)
```
